Mention Ecobee developer password 16-character limit (#21869)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/ecobee.markdown

You will need to obtain an API key from ecobee's [developer site](https://www.ecobee.com/developers/) to use this integration. To get the key, your thermostat must be registered on ecobee's website (which you likely would have already done while installing your thermostat). Once you have done that, perform the following steps.

1. Click on the **Become a developer** link on the [developer site](https://www.ecobee.com/home/developer/loginDeveloper.jsp).

> 2. Log in with your ecobee credentials. (Make sure your password is at most 16 characters to meet the developer login form's limit and that multifactor authentication is disabled because the developer login doesn't support prompting for it. If you've already enabled MFA, the web portal and iOS apps don't support disabling it. The Android app does under Account > Account Security. You can re-enable MFA after becoming a developer.)

Reviewer: Maybe condense it a little more to make it a little easier to read

```suggestion
2. Log in with your ecobee credentials. (Make sure your password is at most 16 characters and multifactor authentication is disabled to meet the developer login form's limits. If you've already enabled MFA, the web portal and iOS apps don't support disabling it. The Android app does under Account > Account Security. You can re-enable MFA after becoming a developer.)
```
